<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head> <title>TSP Solver</title> </head> <body> <h1>TSP Solver</h1> <p>This is a Python program that solves the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) using a genetic algorithm. The TSP is a famous optimization problem in computer science that involves finding the shortest possible route that visits all cities in a given set. The genetic algorithm used in this program is a popular heuristic method for solving the TSP.</p> <h2>Requirements</h2> <p>This program requires Python 3 and the following libraries:</p> <ul> <li>tkinter</li> <li>ttk</li> <li>matplotlib</li> <li>networkx</li> </ul> <p>You can install these libraries using pip by running the following command:</p> <pre><code>pip install tkinter ttk matplotlib networkx</code></pre> <h2>Usage</h2> <p>To run the TSP solver, simply run the <code>main.py</code> script in your Python interpreter:</p> <pre><code>python main.py</code></pre> <p>This will open a graphical user interface (GUI) that allows you to enter the parameters of the TSP problem and run the genetic algorithm to find the optimal solution.</p> <p>The GUI has several input fields for the user to specify the genetic algorithm parameters, including the selection method, population size, crossover rate, mutation rate, elitism rate, and stopping criteria. These parameters are used to initialize the <code>TSPSolver</code> class and run the genetic algorithm.</p> <p>Once the TSP problem parameters have been set, click the "Run" button to run the genetic algorithm and find the optimal solution. The solution will be displayed in a graph and the shortest path will be printed to the console.</p> <h2>Contributing</h2> <p>Contributions are welcome! If you find a bug or have a suggestion for improvement, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.</p> <h2>License</h2> <p>This program is licensed under the MIT License. See the <code>LICENSE</code> file for details.</p> <h2>Acknowledgements</h2> <p>This program was inspired by the TSP solver example in the book "Python Algorithms" by Magnus Lie Hetland. The GUI was created using the <code>tkinter</code> and <code>ttk</code> libraries in Python. The TSP graph visualization was created using the <code>NetworkX</code> and <code>Matplotlib</code> libraries in Python.</p> </body> </html>
